Use the provided activity4_content files/folders (img - with 2 images, css - with
the css file, js - with the json file, and index.html). DO NOT make changes to the
provided files other than creating and linking an external JS file to this html file.

Your JavaScript file will need to have functions to read the data from the JSON file and
other(s) to change the image and text of the html from information about alpine skiing
to the alpine snowboarding image and information in the JSON file.
- To do this you will need to fetch0 the data from the file.
- As well as DOM manipulation techniques to change the html content (you
shouldn't change any elements, just the text of the elements).
- The image is a background, but it's url is assigned to a variable in the CSS
file, that you'll have to change using the .style.setProperty functions.
In your GitHub repository, create a new subsection/folder named 5 (or whatever
style you have been using) in your GitHub repository (see project 1 instructions or
me if you didn't complete project 1) with a sub folder for your CSS and another
subfolder for the img, css, and js folders. You can create a simple temp file for a
subfolder until you add the code or image. Add the index.html and other files to
their folders.

GitHub landing page
You need to change the main landing page index.html in you GitHub repository,
to now include a link to this new activity 4 index.html.
Edit the original index.html (the main one from activity 1) at the root directory
and change the code to have your div, card, or etc. with an anchor with an href to the
newly created 5 directory and some text stating Activity 4 (and other info if you want).
DO NOT remove any of previous work (project 1, 2 etc.).
Commit the changes and after waiting few minutes while the changes process
you should be able to go to your io page and be able to click on the new link to go to
the Activity 4 page.
You may need to go back into your Activity 4 code to adjust the relative paths
to the files.

